1.For the term project, we will be utilizing FishBase to download data and arrange it in such a way that makes it easier for others to understand. We will also be analyzing environmental DNA (eDNA) that will be aquired from a marine biology lab her at UCLA. eDNA is DNA that is extracted from environmental samples such as water, soil, air, etc. All living organism leave behind traces of DNA which allows researchers to determine the kinds of species that have passed through a specific area. Through analyzing eDNA, researchers can dtermine morphological, biochemical, physiological, sructural, phenological and/or behavioral characteristics that are expressed in phenotypes of individual organisms, thus leading to species identification. FishBase is a useful tool that will elaborate on identifications.    
2.Data will be provided from grad student Zach Gold's lab. This data will be eDNA sequences that has been further analyzed to determine the types of species that have encountered a specific location where samples of water have been taken. Along with eDNA sequences, we will also be looking at other information regarding the species of fish such as velocity data and body weight data. 
3.What we would like to do with the data is format it in a way that is easy for students to follow. We will import all the data into a README file in a github repository and organize the data into different sections rather than having the data in all one file. We will use all this data to create a phylogentic tree of a specific species and perhaps form histograms that are specific to a species. 
4.The output for this project is unclear at the time since we don't know exact details for our porject but we hope it will be an organized view of the data provided which will allow researchers to obtain this data in a more efficient manner. 
5.We briefly went over the R software and utilized it once for one of the lab sections. It would be nice to gain more experience in R and see how we can use the software with the data to create histograms an other visuals.
6.The biggest concern regarding the project is having enough time to complete it and being able to create what we want with the experience we've aquired. Computing is very hard and time consuming so I'm afraid I may not have enough experince to partake in a project like this. However, I am excited to take on the challenge and using the experince I've aquired thus far. 

